# What has been updated?

## Changelog - (Added, Fixed, Removed):

1. Fixed an error that occurs for some people when creating a Clan related to database.
2. Fixed an issue when creating a clan, the object would stay in the air than placed properly in ground.
3. Fixed an error that would occur when creating a clan related to some data.

## Modified Files:

- server/main.lua
- server/functions.lua
- fxmanifest.lua

## Notes

- Set on the database query the following (this fixes issue #1), if you don't know how to place the following code on the database query, delete your current `tp_clans` database table and replace with the new one when downloaded from CFX.

```lua
```lua
ALTER TABLE tp_clans
MODIFY COLUMN id INT(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
ADD PRIMARY KEY (id);
```
```


## How to update?

- You can easily update the modified files by redownloading from the **Cfx.re Portal** and copy-paste on the mentioned directory file paths.
- If new options have been implemented to the configuration file or edited, **DO NOT** copy-paste the new configuration file, otherwise you will get the latest configuration but you will lose all the changes you have made. The proper way updating a configuration file is by finding the new configuration options or the modified ones and do it **manually**.

*Cfx.re Portal **DOES NOT** force-update your configuration file or any files, if it did, you would always lose all the configuration changes you made or would totally break the script, all files are updated or edited manually.*
