# What has been updated?

## Changelog - (Added, Fixed, Removed):

1. Removed **Siege History Records** - atleast for now, this section has been removed than beeing on the UI without having any contents.
2. Fixed `HasClansNearby` function which was broken, right now when attempting to create a new clan, the system checks if there is a clan near through `Config.DistanceBetweenClans` configuration option.
3. Fixed /createclan notifications when performing the command. It would say successfully created a clan even when the clan was not able to be created for any reason.
4. Added new notifications when creating a clan, those notifications are shown when clan was not able to be created for any reason.

## Modified Files:

- html/index.html
- html/js/script.js
- html/css/main.css
- server/main.lua
- server/functions.lua
- server/commands.lua
- server/items.lua
- locales/*.lua (added new locales - checkout notes).
- fxmanifest.lua


## Notes

1. Add new locales on the `locale` file you are using from `locales` directory folder.

```lua
    ['CREATE_CLAN_PLAYER_IN_SESSION']                  = {text = "The selected player target is in session.", duration = 5 }, -- version 1.0.3
    ['CREATE_CLAN_PLAYER_ALREADY_IN_CLAN']             = {text = "The selected player target belongs already in a clan.", duration = 5 }, -- version 1.0.3
    ['CREATE_CLAN_OTHER_CLAN_NEARBY']                  = {text = "You cannot create a clan to this location while another clan(s) are nearby.", duration = 5 }, -- version 1.0.3

```

## How to update?

- You can easily update the modified files by redownloading from the **Cfx.re Portal** and copy-paste on the mentioned directory file paths.
- If new options have been implemented to the configuration file or edited, **DO NOT** copy-paste the new configuration file, otherwise you will get the latest configuration but you will lose all the changes you have made. The proper way updating a configuration file is by finding the new configuration options or the modified ones and do it **manually**.

*Cfx.re Portal **DOES NOT** force-update your configuration file or any files, if it did, you would always lose all the configuration changes you made or would totally break the script, all files are updated or edited manually.*
