# What has been updated?

## Changelog - (Added, Fixed, Removed):

1. Removed **Siege History Records** - atleast for now, this section has been removed than beeing on the UI without having any contents.
2. Fixed `HasClansNearby` function which was broken, right now when attempting to create a new clan, the system checks if there is a clan near through `Config.DistanceBetweenClans` configuration option.
3. Fixed /createclan notifications when performing the command. It would say successfully created a clan even when the clan was not able to be created for any reason.
4. Fixed a bug with Drugs Supply Wagon mission that could occur when player died while being on the mission and went to start again, it would start and after 2-3 seconds, the mission would fail.
5. Added new notifications when creating a clan, those notifications are shown when clan was not able to be created for any reason.
6. Added new system not only checking for clans nearby but also checking for towns - to prevent creating a clan when being very near to a town.

## Modified Files:

- server/main.lua
- fxmanifest.lua
- `tp_clans` database table.

## Notes

1. Add the following columns in `tp_clans` database table or use the new database that we provide in the `database.sql` file where [EXTRA] folder is located.

```lua
ALTER TABLE `tp_clans`
ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS `blip_color_modifier` varchar(50) DEFAULT 'N/A',
ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS `active_daily_missions` longtext DEFAULT '[]',
ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS `active_daily_missions_expire_duration` int(11) DEFAULT 0,
ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS `active_weekly_missions` longtext DEFAULT '[]',
ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS `active_weekly_missions_expire_duration` int(11) DEFAULT 0,
ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS `total_missions_finished` int(11) DEFAULT 0;
```

## How to update?

- You can easily update the modified files by redownloading from the **Cfx.re Portal** and copy-paste on the mentioned directory file paths.
- If new options have been implemented to the configuration file or edited, **DO NOT** copy-paste the new configuration file, otherwise you will get the latest configuration but you will lose all the changes you have made. The proper way updating a configuration file is by finding the new configuration options or the modified ones and do it **manually**.

*Cfx.re Portal **DOES NOT** force-update your configuration file or any files, if it did, you would always lose all the configuration changes you made or would totally break the script, all files are updated or edited manually.*
